One more word to this eventBus here, of course it would also be possible in the main.js file where we
create this new vue instance to add a method here, so let's say name it changeAge
and in this method, to basically set this emit, let's say we have to pass the age to the changeAge method,
emit event which is called age was edited as well and pass age here,
so now we have the emit logic in the eventBus. And then in the user edit component, I'm going to comment this
out too,
I can now simply use the eventBus and call changeAge there and pass this user age
we updated here in the user edit component, like this.
With this set up, if I reload the app, it still works as before
and why did I show this to you? Because I want to show you that you can use such a vue instance like the
eventBus here generally to store some centralized code
you want to access from different places in your app like here where we emit this event.
This makes especially sense if you have some code which you don't want to duplicate in different places
but instead which you want to store centrally,
you don't need to emit events all the time,
this could be any code here accessible from anywhere in your application
as long as you import it and then well access the methods you provide on this bus and the same would
be true for data you provide there.
If you set up some data properties here, as a side note here not as a function but directly as
an object, as this is a new instance, if you set up some data properties here, you can also access that from
all over your application.
So it's perfectly fine to use such a new vue instance to centralize certain tasks, submit data, transport
data across your application and therefore outsource certain pieces of your code into such a central
place.